# Meeting 6

- Purpose: Pitstop 4
- Sunday, September 19th, 2021 at 2PM CST (UTC -5)
- Location: The Icarus Initiative Discord at Cafe voice channel.
- Duration: 90 minutes.
- Not recorded

---

## Agenda

- Welcome for new members.
- Updates on projects and wallets.
- Expedition 2 Smart Contract Guidelines.
- Setting launch date and series of events.
  - Ideas about launch?
- Implementing Governance to vote.
  - Manual tally on expeditions for now.
  - Send it to the user's wallet on devnet.
- Expedition themes: cities, beaches, biomes.
  - [Beaches](https://travel.usnews.com/rankings/best-beaches-in-the-usa/)

---

## Notes

- Expedition 2 with Smart Contracts
  - Focus on Anchor Framework + Front end SDK
  - Making Smart Contract with Anchor.
  - Escrow program from Paulx is too complicated. We can do something simpler.
  - Squad will brainstorm about user stories.
- Launch date
  - Change October 10th after the hackathon.
  - Invite only by existing members/pilots.
  - Want to keep group tightly-knit.
  - Open up space for 3 squads, that's 12-18 people.
- Vision for Icarus Initiative
  - Making a path for new people to follow.
  - This would be a future idea once group is more established.
  - No goals towards accredited route and becoming a "school".
- Governance
  - Voting in resources with Icarus Tokens.
  - Creating a DAO, Icarus token to vote.
  - After 3 expeditions, more paths for learning.
  - Markdown file ledger for holding tokens since DevNet is not permanent.
  - Another idea to possibly use real money but use fractions of a cent.
  - Another idea is Smart Contract where wallets can connect and vote with coins.
  - More research is needed.
- Squad Rotation
  - As pilots move in and out, Squad needs to rotate roster.
- Figment + Nader as a starting point for learning about higher-level Solana.

---

## Tasks

- [ ] Setup Pitstop 5 event.
- [ ] Post up related Anchor resouces.
- [ ] Getting started in Icarus #start-here channel.

---
